Document `noheader` option to prevent repetition of table header (#698)
metanorma/metanorma.org: author/topics/document-format/text.adoc

NOTE: In typical AsciiDoc, `[cols="3"]` is considered a shorthand to
`[cols="1,1,1"]`, but this is not supported in Metanorma AsciiDoc.

> For long tables that need to continue on the next page in DOC/PDF version,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For long tables that need to continue onto the next page in the DOC or PDF rendering of a document,
```

Metanorma, by default, will automatically repeat the header after every page break.
To suppress this behavior, you can apply the `noheader` value to the `options` attribute

> in its formal (`options=noheader`) or shorthand (`%noheader`) syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using its formal (`options=noheader`) or shorthand (`%noheader`) syntax.
```

> With the caveat that this option will also deactivate the implicit assignment of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a caveat that this option will also deactivate the implicit assignment of the
```
